Subtitulos hechos por mi para
el proyecto de One piece
Extraction by Aheradin / Correction by Shotafry
So Nika...
...has finally emerged.
I can scarcely believe wo Emperors of
the Sea fell at the same time...
We cannot suppress
knowledge of these events.
The news will spread
around the world almost instantly.
The timing could not be any worse!
How do we approach this?
With respect to Zou...
Is it true that Zou disappeared?
Yes... Gradually,
into the fog.
But what could that mean...?
That they will not open the borders:
The Land of Wano
remains an impregnable fortress!
Perhaps they have adapted
their strategies to the situation.
They appear tolbe
under capable leadership.
Then overrunning the country through
force of numbers is impossible.
Is retrieving Nico Robin...
..Still within your ability?
Absolutely!
CP-o! CP-o!
A jamming signal?
You guys...
Identify yourself!
Stay right where you are!
I’m comin’ to you!
The Land of Wano, freed
from twenty years of tyranny,
celebrates the victory of the Kozuki Clan!
Drake...
Are you...
...a Marine?
You expect me to answer?
You came here to ask me that?
You look like you’ve
been to hell and back...
I thought you predicted you’d be safe...
..as long as you didn’t betray Kaido...
When I saw that beast before me,
I knew I was a dead man walking,
and so I became Kaido’s subordinate.
Kid and Killer, on the other hand,
continued to resist...
...despite certain death!
Even if I had foreseen their victory...
How could I...
how could I ever return to Kid
after all this time tail between my legs?
So you weren’t talking about me...?
That one-percent thing?
Then the fortune you told
for a “certain man” was...
mine.
So hungry...
Nay, lam not! Samurai
do not want for food!
Hey, folks!
Don’t take down the
Fire Festival decorations just yet!
By declaration of Momonosuke-sama—
er, our Lord, the Shogun,
we are to hold another festival!
Aye!
Yay!
Starting today, I'll
be teaching this class.
Is Miss Sarahebi gone?!
Whyzzat?
Sorry, but you'll all need
to forget everything she’s taught you.
I will be re-educating you on
the entire history of our heroes!
Whuuuuuh?!
We dun wanna!
Why don’t we start with
a fine fellow, Kozuki Oden?
Shortly after he was born, at the
age of zero, he sent his nanny flying!
Of course, I was surprised!
Komurasaki-sama, the most beautiful woman in
all of Wano, is Oden-sama’s daughter!
And it was the Kawamatsu the Kappa
that saved her from the burning castle!
What a beautiful story of loyalty!
samurai that protected her by disguising
himse a chivalrous criminal named Kyoshiro...
...Was none other than one
of the Nine Red Scabbards, Denjiro-dono!
Do you know who took down Kaido?
I do! Heard it was a
warrior by the name of “Joyboy”!
Seems like he’s
already left the country...
I wish I could have seen him! e’s a
hero rivaled only by the God of the Blade!
Build temples?
Mm-hmm.
As was done for Ryuma,
the God of the Blade,
I want to build one dedicated to
Oden-sama upon a hill overlooking the Flower Capital!
Surrounding that,
we will build temples
dedicated to Yasuie-dono
d the other Daimyo that
fought for our country
And...
...for Ashura and Izo as well...
Onimaru!
Onimaru, that tickles!
To think you were alive!
Ah, this brings back memories...
You, too, are a brother-in-arms,
having fought for our country.
I suppose we, too, shall someday be
laid to rest alongside Ashura and Izo.
If that is fine with you, Marco-dono?
Of course, yes sirree.
One’s home soil is best.
That’s probably what Izo’d want.
There II go, surviving again...
As did we...
Had we lived through it all,
only for something to befall our heroes...
I could not bear the thought.
Let us pray they are well.
So hungry...
Nay, nay, nay...
Oh, dear brother!
My dear brother!
Yamato-kun, where are you?!
Luffytaro-san and Zorojuro-san have...!
Oh, dear brother!
Luffytaro-san and Zorojuro-san have...
awakened!
Ever the tomboy...
It does not hurt though...
Boooooze!
Meeeeat!
Luffy! Zoro!
You have awakened!
Luffy! You are awake!
Good morning, Luffy! Thank
goodness you did wake up!
It’s way too soon for
you to be drinking that much!
Whew, this’s somethin’ to celebrate!
How about we
get this party started?!
Come, now, you two! Do
not eat too much yet!
The whole country was going to have
a grand feast when you woke up!
Let us have it today!
‘Tis I, Momonosuke!
Mo-mo-no-suke!
Hwuuuuh?!
Oh, I get it!
You’re all grown up now!
Your body’s lookin’ pretty strong!
Because of Oden’s blood, huh?
Lemme try punchin’ ya.
Do not!
They are bullying me!
O-Nami, save me!
Knock that off!
I-l am still eight years old!
It does not hurt though...
Oh, that’s right.
He’s as tough as I thought...
This is the adult world, Momo!
You cannot hide behind
the privilege of youth anymore!
Here!
Child on the inside,
Oden on the outside!
Stop putting a tray on my
head every time you see me!
Such a sturdy body! You have
your parents to thank for that!
You will most definitely be
the greatest samurai in our country!
And I shall persevere at that!
Mealtime, mealtime!
Oh yeah, Yamato!
Let’s hit the baths before the
feast! Your prayers were answered, right?
“Prayers”?
I heard there’s a custom in
Wano where one abstains from doing something...
...until one’s wish comes true, as
a form of prayer to the gods.
Until you two recovered,
I gave up eating and bathing!
Oh, really?!
Thank you, Yamabro! I’m
all better, thanks to you!
Whattaguy, eh?
Neither of us is dirty, though...
I wiped your bodies clean!
Does it please you?
Mossbrain!
Let’s talk...
Oh yeah, you...
But after the battle,
if l’ve lost my mind...
you gotta kill me.
That’s right, I...
I came back from
hell to kill you!
Uh, yeah,
no, ’msOodnOWw
It’s all good now...
You can’t be sane
with that dumb-lookin’ face!
What’d you say, asswipe?! I look totally
sane, no matter how ya slice it!
Die with honor, dammit!
How ‘bout you die, Mossbrain?!
You told me to kill you!
Sheesh...
Well, let’s go take a bath, then!
Oh, Nami. There’s no
mixed bath in the castle.
Might I... accompany you, Nami-san?
Hmm?
All right, bathtime!
Yeah!
Ya-hoo!
Baths rock!
What?! A dream?!
Y-Yamato! You...
Ah, so refreshing!
Being in the bath
together is the best!
We’re gonna party after this!
It’s gonna be great!
The men’s bath is so noisy!
I wanna be bewitchin’ just like you!
Feels good!
Remember how we all used to
bathe together with Oden-sama and your family?
Though it was quite uncomfortable for
me to bathe with other men...
O-Kiku-chan, you have
not changed one bit!
And now, I am older than you!
Feels good!
Shooo goood!
Hey, did you hear?! They
said the feast is today!
Let’s have another celebration! To
the revival of the Kozuki Clan!
Let all the regions know!
Managed to get ‘er
back to her old self!
Yeah, she’s looking seaworthy!
General Franky’s all fixed up, too!
It’s just so cool!
No fraternizin’, you morons!
Don’t let your guard down
‘til we’ve left port safely!
Information must have leaked from
somewhere and reached journalists by now.
And we’re gonna be pegged
as replacement Emperors of the Sea!
He’s right. This is an isolated country,
So people can’t look in from the outside,
but we can’t see
our enemies’ movements, either.
Maybe our captains’ bounties have shot up to
mething crazy! Like, higher than any we’ve see
Got that right! Couldn’t tell
ya how the info leaked, but...
Apoo!
You’re the source, gotta be! You
really piss me off, you know that?!
Those bounties you were talkin’
about? I got ‘em, right here!
Wanna see ‘em?
They’re all there!
Your new bounties, and...
...the names of the
soon-to-be-crowned Emperors of the Sea!
I told you to tell me
where the hell you are now!
And I told
you, Sakazuki-san, ’mintheair!
In the air where?!
Oh, I can see Wano now.
You will not do anything stupid!
Got that, Green Bull?!
Understood!
I mean it.
“Time's up-
someone said again, with a laush
Fine then, hide-and-seek playtime...
IS OVeEr
Lets go, come on
Let your heart beat out
and things will chanse
Grow strong, you have time
Lift up that dream
The overflowing loneliness cant sustain me alone
We were so free in our younger days
What a dumb dream
...to live
shining a light on uncharted ways
Get on our feet and try
Let's see the ends of the world together
Together, we can so and fly